Update relationship docs (#284)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user.mdx

Removes a relationship with another user. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Relationship Remove](/topics/gateway-events#relationship-remove) Gateway event.

<RouteHeader method="DELETE" url="/users/@me/relationships">
  Bulk Remove Relationships
</RouteHeader>

> Removes multiple relationships. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Optionally fires multiple [Relationship Remove](/topics/gateway-events#relationship-remove) Gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes multiple relationships. Returns a 204 empty response on success. May fire multiple [Relationship Remove](/topics/gateway-events#relationship-remove) Gateway events.
```
just keeping wording consistent :p
